ArcSight ESM v2 - Fixed an issue where long *eventId* were not proces… (#8332)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcSightESM/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### ArcSight ESM v2

> - Fixed an issue where long *eventId* were not processed correctly in the ***as-get-security-events*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a long *eventId* is not processed correctly in the ***as-get-security-events*** command.
```
